Adds statuses table to a partial (#861)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/enterprise/status-viewing-details.md

- (Version 1.50.2 and earlier) Review the diagnostic information in `kots/admin_console/kotsadm-/kotsadm.log` in the support bundle. For more information about generating a support bundle, see [Generating Support Bundles](troubleshooting-an-app).

## About Application Status

To display application status on the admin console dashboard, the app manager aggregates the status of specific Kubernetes resources for the application.

The following resource types are supported for displaying application status:

* Deployment
* StatefulSet
* Service
* Ingress
* PersistentVolumeClaims

> Applications can report the status of one or more of the supported Kubernetes resources to the app manager. The resources that the app manager uses to display application status vary depending on the configuration of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications can specify one or more of the supported Kubernetes workloads to be watched by the app manager for state changes. The resources that the app manager uses to display application status vary depending on the configuration of the application.
```
